Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial in the previous with you.
We have frozen our base network and now it's time to define our custom head on top of it.
The custom head is always designed for a task that you're trying to solve.
In this case it is classifying between cats and dogs.
To define a custom head the first thing to do is to check what is the output size from the base network
and based on that information we can see how many layers if any should be added to the custom part of
the network.
In the first cell right base model dot output as you can see the output from our base and therefore
has the size of four times four times one thousand two hundred and eighty.
This size is not very suited for the output layer of the custom head.
There are a few approaches that we can take to handle this problem as always.
We could use the flattening layer to convert or reshape our output to vectors.
But in this case we would have far to be vectors for our custom part of the network.
The other better solution in our case is to use a global average pooling layer.
We haven't discussed this layer before but the concept is very similar to the max pulling layer that
we used all across the CNN s the global war means that is going to take the whole input instead of processing
parts of it at the time.
And this feature will help us.
It reduces the input size significantly.
The second part of the name is average.
Instead of finding the most significant value what Max bullying is doing this layer takes an average
of all numbers in an input defined a variable called global average layer and set it to be equal to
the DOT carers dot layers.
And from this point to global average pooling to the this function doesn't take any arguments so provide
only the input to it which is the output from our base model.
Let's check what is the size of this layer.
And as you can see it is none by two and which is the last dimension of the input.
The only thing left to do is to define our output layer or prediction layer.
Let's write prediction layer equal to the don't care US DOT dance and let's provide all arguments to
it.
The first one is to specify the number of units or neurons.
As you know our output layer should have the same amount of units as number of classes in our data set
since we only have two classes.
We can specify this to one because we are performing binary classification in the second argument is
to define the activation which is the sigmoid.
In our case and the inputs to this layer is our global average layer execute the cell.
And now we have defined the whole network.
We had on top of it and it said for this video if you have any questions or comments so far please post
them in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll see in the next tutorial.